If you’re an incoming first-year student at Virginia Tech, you’ve probably heard all about the food. It’s emphasized during campus tours and distinguished among the best college dining programs by publications such as Niche,The Princeton Review, CollegeRaptor and U.S. News & World Report. With a few exceptions, first-year students are required to live on campus and consequently required to purchase a minimum of $1,062 flex dollars, which costs $2,934. This system effectively forces first-year students to eat a majority of their meals on campus, which, according to the sources, doesn’t sound like a problem; however, I’d consider suspending your optimism.  

There’s an encouraging variety for the first few weeks, with 47 choices between the 11 dining locations. Recognizable chain franchises such as Chick-fil-A, Dunkin’ Donuts and Starbucks are featured on campus and included in the meal plans, offering some familiarity to new students. There’s certainly diversity, with venues taking precedent from cultures across different continents; however, some of this breadth is deceptive. For example, there are three Italian venues: Rosso at West End, Ciotola at Owens and Veloce at Perry Place. Don’t bother trying the spaghetti with marinara sauce at all three, because it’s indistinguishable. Similarly, Ciotola and Rosso share the same breadsticks.  

I take issue with trying to brand each venue as a distinct establishment when some menu items are identical, but I understand that they're limited to the same resources; it’s hard to make a different dish when you’re supplied with the same ingredients. At least they stay true to the culture they’re emulating and consistently present themselves as Italian cuisine. What’s less defensible is Rambutan, when offering Japanese food, serving tamarind chicken that is ostensibly identical to the Chinese General Tso’s chicken served at Wan. This dishonest repackaging of the same product exaggerates the facade of variety that Tech loves to boast about.

While these two examples are relatively unsubstantial and only pertain to a handful of dining options, they begin to challenge the idea of variety at Tech, which is where my critique lies. There’s nothing wrong with the food itself, aside from minor flaws like the underbaked doughnuts at Dunkin’. The general issue I experienced during my first year was that it got tiring. 47 dining places are a lot, but when you start accounting for differing hours of operation and what fraction of those venues actually appeal to your tastes, that number starts to decrease.   

Although I can’t give Tech’s food a glowing recommendation, I can’t fault it too hastily. In the context of college dining, the number of options available and the level of quality delivered is impressive. These aren’t 47 restaurants and shouldn’t be regarded as such; they’re closer in design to fast food in their accommodation to the life of a busy college student. The restrictive nature of life on campus makes a repetitive diet almost inevitable. Tech makes a commendable attempt to alleviate that difficulty, which is why the food is nationally recognized. It’s important to acknowledge that this praise is with respect to college food and not food in general. Don’t get your hopes up, but know that as far as college food goes, you’re getting some of the best there is to offer. 

https://www.collegiatetimes.com/opinion/a-year-of-eating-at-virginia-tech/article_7a3c5ed9-b8d5-4498-9285-7aa2c30d0e12.html