What the Grammy is to music, the #1 spot on Princeton Review’s Best Campus Food Ranking is to college cuisine. The results are in for 2015, and Virginia Tech has proven for the third time why it deserves to top the charts. Here are some reasons why the folks at Princeton Review continue to put a ring on VT dining.

You won’t be having déjà vu.
Three main dining halls, a burger stop, and the always-reliable Au Bon Pain (or what I like to call, “fast Panera”) guarantee you won’t be bored when it comes to eating. From sushi to steak, or crepes to quesadillas, each dining hall offers an endless variety of choices that are so delicious you won’t believe they’re actually wholesome, too.  

For the health nuts, salads and smoothies are available at every dining hall. For those who are looking for a little indulgence after a long week, look no further than Friday’s chicken and waffles. You’re sure to fall dangerously in love with them.  

We be all night… at DXpress.
The question “Can we go to DX?” really only has one plausible answer. Open until 2 am, everyone’s favorite grab-and-go line is sure way to take care of the morning’s rush and the evening’s drunchies. Where else can you get warm corndog nuggets to go with a side of pepperoni pizza? At DX: where the food is reliable, and the entertainment never disappoints.

Crazy in love with Qdoba.
Sometimes (okay, most times) you just got to have your ‘Doba. Hokies are lucky enough to have access to half-priced, perfectly salted chips and zesty guacamole by a mere swipe of a student ID. Located on campus, Qdoba joins other food chains like Chick-fil-a, Dunkin’ Donuts, and Brueggers Bagel Bakery on Virginia Tech meal plans.

Wake up to a flawless brunch.
Thanks to Virginia Tech Dining Services, no hangover goes uncured. Surely, every Hokie remembers their first, baptismal West End brunch. Perhaps it consisted of a chocolate chip pancake so large it had to be folded in half to fit on a plate, or maybe it was cheesy custom-made omelet.

Served from 11am-3pm, the famous brunch at West End is a VT dining staple. Oh, and for those who prefer bottomless eggs and bacon, all-you-can-eat D2 brunch offers a religious experience of equal magnitude.

Dining staff: we can see your halo.
The food at Virginia Tech is great, but it is the dedicated people who serve it to us who really take our dining experience to the next level. Whether it’s the staffer waiting behind you to refill your favorite soup, or a worker offering to take your trash, the many hands of VT dining never fail to brighten our day. When hunger strikes, these people are our saving grace.

https://spoonuniversity.com/school/virginia-tech/virginia-tech-dining-beyonce-college-food/